Atherosclerosis implies increased risk of heart attack.
High blood pressure implies increased risk of stroke.
Insulin resistance implies increased risk of type 2 diabetes.
Chronic inflammation implies increased risk of autoimmune diseases.
Smoking implies increased risk of lung cancer.
Obesity implies an increased risk of metabolic syndrome.
Uncontrolled diabetes implies increased risk of neuropathy.
Chronic liver disease implies increased risk of hepatic encephalopathy.
Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection implies increased risk of cervical cancer.
Aplastic anemia implies bone marrow failure.
Iron deficiency implies anemia.
Vitamin B12 deficiency implies megaloblastic anemia.
Vitamin D deficiency implies rickets in children.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) implies irreversible lung damage.
Aneurysm implies increased risk of rupture and hemorrhage.
Osteoporosis implies increased risk of bone fractures.
Glaucoma implies optic nerve damage.
Cataracts implies clouding of the eye's lens.
Alzheimer's disease implies progressive memory loss.
Parkinson's disease implies a decline in motor function.
Multiple sclerosis implies demyelination of nerve fibers.
Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) implies increased risk of pulmonary embolism.
Gout implies high levels of uric acid.
Crohn's disease implies chronic intestinal inflammation.
Ulcerative colitis implies inflammation of the colon.
Endometriosis implies the growth of uterine tissue outside the uterus.
Hypothyroidism implies a low-functioning thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism implies an overactive thyroid gland.
Cirrhosis implies scarring of the liver.
Kidney stones implies severe pain and urinary blockage.
Psoriasis implies an overproduction of skin cells.
Eczema implies itchy and inflamed skin.
Measles implies a red, blotchy skin rash.
Mumps implies swelling of the salivary glands.
Rubella implies a mild skin rash and fever.
Varicella (chickenpox) implies an itchy, blister-like rash.
Influenza implies fever, cough, and body aches.
Pneumonia implies lung infection and inflammation.
Tuberculosis implies a bacterial infection of the lungs.
Meningitis implies inflammation of the meninges.
Septicemia implies blood poisoning.
Tetanus implies muscle spasms.
Rabies implies a viral infection of the nervous system.
Poliomyelitis implies paralysis.
Dengue fever implies a high fever and joint pain.
Malaria implies fever and chills.
Lyme disease implies a tick-borne bacterial infection.
Salmonella infection implies fever, diarrhea, and abdominal cramps.
Botulism implies muscle weakness and paralysis.
Cholera implies severe watery diarrhea.
Hepatitis A implies liver inflammation.
Hepatitis B implies chronic liver infection.
Hepatitis C implies a long-term liver infection.
HIV implies a compromised immune system.
AIDS implies a severe stage of HIV infection.
Anaphylaxis implies a severe allergic reaction.
Celiac disease implies an intolerance to gluten.
Lactose intolerance implies difficulty digesting dairy products.
Chronic kidney disease implies a gradual loss of kidney function.
Dialysis implies kidney failure.
Emphysema implies damage to the air sacs in the lungs.
Bronchitis implies inflammation of the bronchial tubes.
Asthma implies narrowed airways and difficulty breathing.
Sleep apnea implies pauses in breathing during sleep.
Narcolepsy implies sudden episodes of sleep.
Epilepsy implies recurrent seizures.
Migraine implies severe, throbbing headaches.
Stroke implies a disruption of blood flow to the brain.
Hemorrhagic stroke implies bleeding in the brain.
Ischemic stroke implies a blood clot blocking a brain artery.
Atrial fibrillation implies an irregular and rapid heart rate.
Cardiac arrest implies the heart suddenly stops beating.
Myocardial infarction implies a heart attack.
Congestive heart failure implies the heart's inability to pump blood effectively.
Angina implies chest pain due to reduced blood flow to the heart.
Anemia implies a low red blood cell count.
Leukemia implies a cancer of the blood and bone marrow.
Lymphoma implies a cancer of the lymphatic system.
Carcinoma implies a cancer of the epithelial cells.
Sarcoma implies a cancer of the connective tissue.
Melanoma implies a cancer of the skin's pigment cells.
Sepsis implies the body's overwhelming response to infection.
Shock implies a life-threatening drop in blood pressure.
Edema implies fluid retention in body tissues.
Appendicitis implies inflammation of the appendix.
Pancreatitis implies inflammation of the pancreas.
Gastritis implies inflammation of the stomach lining.
Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) implies abdominal pain and changes in bowel habits.
Hernia implies an organ pushing through a weak spot in a muscle or tissue.
Sciatica implies nerve pain in the leg.
Carpal tunnel syndrome implies nerve compression in the wrist.
Bursitis implies inflammation of the bursae.
Tendinitis implies inflammation of a tendon.
Sprain implies a stretched or torn ligament.
Strain implies a stretched or torn muscle or tendon.
Concussion implies a mild traumatic brain injury.
Traumatic brain injury (TBI) implies brain damage from an external force.
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) implies a mental health condition triggered by a traumatic event.
Schizophrenia implies a mental disorder characterized by psychosis.
Bipolar disorder implies extreme mood swings.